Kept you waiting, huh?
They played us like a damn fiddle!
So how does it taste?
This is the greatest handgun ever made. The Colt Single Action Army.
This is Big Boss. Infiltrate the enemy fortress, Outer Heaven. Destroy the Final Weapon, Metal Gear.
Kaz, I'm already a demon.
There are no heroes in war. The only heroes I know are either dead or in prison. One or the other.
Unfortunately, killing is one of those things that gets easier the more you do it.
It's easy to forget what a sin is in the middle of a battlefield.
V has come to.
Memes. The DNA of the soul.
Do you think love can bloom, even on a battlefield?
Find someone to believe in, and find it for yourself. When you do, pass it on to the future.
We're not tools of the government, or anyone else. Fighting was the only thing I was good at, but at least I fought for what I believe in.
War has changed. Our time has ended. Our war is over. But there's one more thing I must do... the last punishment I must endure. Erase my genes... wipe this meme from the face of the Earth. This... is my final mission.
Why are we still here? Just to suffer? Every night, I can feel my leg... and my arm... even my fingers. The body I've lost... the comrades I've lost... won't stop hurting... It's like they're all still there. You feel it, too, don't you?
BRRROOOOOTHHHHEEEER! IT'S BEEN TOO LONG!
A Hind D?!
Metal Gear?!
I am lighting. The rain transformed.
This is Pequod, arriving shortly at LZ.
This is Pequod. Have arrived at LZ, will stand by.
It's a nice gun, I'll give you that. But the engraving gives you no tactical advantage whatsoever.
You're pretty good.
I won't scatter your sorrow to the heartless sea. I will always be with you. Plant your roots in me. I won't see you end as ashes. You're all diamonds.
I hear it's amazing when the famous purple stuffed worm in flap-jaw space with the tuning fork does a raw blink on Hara-Kiri Rock. I need scissors! 61!
Six shots. More than enough to kill anything that moves.
Hurt me more!
You're that ninja.
Boss get down! That's an enemy gunship! A single burst from its machine gun can cut a man in half. Stay low and crawl along the ground. That should enable you to sneak past enemies.
Boss, you killed a child? Amazing, mission complete. That right there is why you're the best, Boss. The one and only.
Amazing, mission complete. That right there is why you're the best, Boss. The one and only.
Boss, you killed a child?
Mission complete, and how! They're gonna tell stories about this one, Boss.
It's like one of my Japanese animes!
Such a lust for revenge... WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO???????!!!!!!!
It's a blank.
You haven't even taken the safety off, rookie.
Loyalty to your country, or loyalty to me?
Make me feel it! Make me feel alive again!
Hurt me more! More! More!
I've been waiting for this pain!
It can't be... You were killed in Zanzibar...
This is the first time I've ever used my power to help someone. It's strange...it feels...kind of...nice.
We don't draw weapons on comrades. Look around you.
Wipe this meme from the face of the Earth.
Only a fool trusts his life to a weapon!
Boss...harder...
Snake, answer me! Snake? SNAAAAKE!!!
We've managed to avoid drowning!
La li Lu Le Lo
I was just looking at it, and suddenly I got this irresistible urge to get inside. No, not just an urge - more than that. It was my destiny to be here; in the box.
And then when I put it on, I suddenly got this feeling of inner peace. I can't put it into words. I feel... safe. Like this is where I was meant to be. Like I'd found the key to true happiness.
You should come inside the box... Then you'll know what I mean.
Is there a way to take off my pants?
My pants, can I-
Aw, hell no! This FOX unit is a nut fest!
Well, let me tell you about the absolute worst, most sickening nightmare I ever had. This one isn't for the kids. OK, so there's this huge pile of crap, right? It's shaped like a giant tank, and it's walking around on two legs, goin' on a rampage and stompin' on people and houses and stuff. And this giant turd is carrying the nastiest missiles you ever saw. Like whenever it launches one of its turd missiles... whatever it hits - people, trees, buildings - turns into shit. My hometown, my old school, my family, my girlfriend, old man John... Everything in that turd's path turned into shit.
What's wrong with being cute?
I ate a Russian glowcap and it charged up my batteries.
Listen, wise ass! Camouflage isn't going to do jack if it doesn't help you blend in with your surroundings!
You created a time paradox. Snake, you can't go changing the future like that!
Snake, what have you done? You've changed the future! You've created a time paradox!
A name means nothing on the battlefield. After a week, nobody has a name.
What is this fairy disguise?
Now do you remember? Who you are? What you were meant to do? I cheated death, thanks to you. And thanks to you I've left my mark. You have too - you've written your own history. You're your own man. I'm Big Boss, and you are too... No... He's the two of us. Together. Where we are today? We built it. This story - this legend - it's ours. We can change the world - and with it, the future. I am you, and you are me. Carry that with you, wherever you go. Thank you... my friend. From here on out, you're Big Boss.
Nothing to be ashamed of. Pain gets the better of us all.
Revolution or no revolution, you pick up a gun, and sooner or later you're going to hell.
From now on, call me Big Boss.
We're gonna be fighting the biggest beast of all - the times.
I-We gave her a light, she took the short way down.
I'm already a demon... Heaven's not my kind of place anyway.
Welcome to Outer Heaven.
But what better place for us than this? It's our only home. Our heaven and our hell. This is Outer Heaven.
A dud!?
On the battlefield, there isn't any time for fractions and equations.
It doesn't matter who wins here. Our fight will continue. The loser will be liberated from the battlefield and the winner will remain.
Snake! It's not over yet!
I'm no hero. Never was, and never will be.
I'm a shadow, that no light will shine on. As long as you follow me, you will never see the day.
Real heroes are never as polished as the legends that surround them.
In his eyes, the greatest symbiotic parasite the world's ever known isn't microbial. It's linguistic. Words are what keeps civilization, our world, alive. Free the world, not by taking men's lives but by taking their tongues.
I said my sword is a tool of justice, not used in anger, not drawn in vengeance. But now, I'm not so sure. And besides, this isn't my sword.
Nanomachines, son!
Free will is a myth. Religion is a joke.
A weapon to surpass Metal Gear.